The Joe Rogan experience. Do you know magic? The gathering is now racist.
I don't even know what magic the gathering.
Is, where the game that the nerds play. Oh.
Sorry. How was it? How was it racist? Um, I dunno.
It was just re I only saw the title of the article that they're trying to cancel
magic. The gathering. I'm like, oh, Christ. I thought that's what you got.
I just liked, I thought they liked magic. The gathering. I have no,
everything's, everything's, everything's problematic.
Everyone's getting canceled. It's amazing how many people did blackface.
Yeah. It's very strange. It's very strange.
It's very strange. I mean, I was on, it was on prime time TV, right? Yeah.
A bunch of times. Yeah. I mean like in the modern world, prime time, T V.
Jimmy Fallon was doing well, he's doing a Chris rock impression,
which by the way, you used to be able to do, when I was in high school,
my friends were Mr. T for Halloween, nobody gave a. Nobody was like, Jimmy,
what's wrong with you? Everybody's like, oh, you're Mr. T for Halloween.
It was never like a problem. It's very, it's a very strange thing.
You know, like you can do white face. No problem. Here it is.
What does this magic, the gathering invoke.
Prejudice card. So that's.
Uh, it's an enchantment card,
which restricts the casters opponents only using summons that matched the skin
color of their opposing creatures.
Huh? This is you. If you brought me on to talk about this,
I should leave now about, about magic, the gathering. And this is why I'm here,
man. We're in a bad way. Shows how up everything is. Uh,
there's a lot of thin skin out there. I know.
I just don't. I mean, it seems like a perfect storm.
Like if you wanted to engineer the downfall of society,
you would do it in several steps.
You would have a reality show president where everybody's mad at him.
And then all the liberals get their feathers in a ruffle and everybody gets
real, super uptight.
And then there's this big divide between the left and the right that's kind of,
you know,
manufactured and then you'd have this disease just lock everyone inside.
Yeah. Unprecedented lock, shut down. The economy force people to not work.
So if your business falls apart, you could be the most hardworking diligent,
disciplined person. Who's always at work hour early,
always has your eyes dotted.
Your T's crossed and you still go broke and you're still.
And then you have this George Floyd thing and then boom,
it just ignites the power cake. The.
Other thing that you have to wrap around all this is this social media,
which is, you know,
I'm only going to post things that are just going to completely make everyone
that sees whatever I'm posting emotional and, and filled with rage.
Whether you're on the left or you're on the right. My goal is to enrage people.
That's the goal. And then that just gets spun up over and over.
So you're taking all these little incidents and you're multiplying times
thousands and thousands of views. Now.
Like when he was Tony soprano.
And he's, and he wasn't like that, that's the other thing.
He was more like a hippie, you know, he was very laid back. You know,
he wore like Birkenstocks and like a bandana on his head, big music guy.
Didn't really talk like that. He was a, yeah. I wipe my with your face.
A big music guy. You know, he never.
Wanted to do a talk show. You know, Joe, I would say, why don't you,
everyone thinks she had Tony soprano, right? Why don't you pick,
whether it be letting them in or, or whatever and show them the real Jim,
you're very intelligent guy. I mean, he's not that guy at all. Matter of fact,
he would say to me, like before the season, uh,
let's go down and have dinner at [inaudible]
, which I ran into you. That one time let's go down to Maury street. I'd want to
start getting back into the swing of things. Cause
he wasn't, he didn't hang around with those guys. He wasn't that guy at all, but he didn't want, he never did a talk show. He did 60 minutes. He wouldn't do
, uh,
any of the talk shows. He said, I'm not interesting. He wasn't doing, I grew.
Up around that. He grew up in Jersey, went to Rutgers university. He was,
you know, an actor theater. God, it's.
Funny. Uh, you know, I,
I wrote a kid's book called Nikki deuce and it turned it into a movie and
Michael's in it and Paulie walnuts and Johnny sack and I was in
Jim's trailer. And uh, he had dusted the movie with Brad Pitt a mob movie.
And uh, he said, Harvey wants to call. He wants me to do a, let him in. I said,
I don't do talk shows. And uh, and he kept calling and he says,
he got nasty with Jim. And she said,
I will beat the out of Harvey Weinstein. He calls me again.
I will beat the out of him for the money he paid me. I'm not doing it.
Swear to God. This was all before the Harvey Weinstein.
When he was still the king, this is 2012. You know, when you.
See that academy award speech, thank you,
compilation where all the people go up,
all the various people that eventually talk about them, go up and praise,
Harvey Weinstein. I never saw it. Oh my God. It's so bizarre. It's so strange.
Cause they were intimidated that he had that much power over people's careers
and they didn't feel like their voice would be heard or that people would,
you know, take them serious. Find a way to, to you basically, you know what,
you up. No me. He.
Would know me, uh, every three or four times.
Like I run into him at Madison square garden and there's a restaurant Tribeca
grill,
which he had owned a piece of at one point and give you a half-ass
hello? Maybe he was way above. I was beneath him.
He never got punched in the face. Is that what it is?
I heard Jason priestly punched him in the face stuff at a party.
Yeah. Yeah. I heard that he got out.
Of line and Jason Priestley punched him in the face.
I think nobody beat the out of Harvey Weinstein and it wouldn't be that
difficult. He could hardly breathe.
He smoke and chain smoke and he wasn't a tough guy.
He was tough with assistance. You know.
Where do you think this escalates to? Do you have a,
a map in your mind of where the territory is?
Yeah, I mean, I would say there are several ways it could go,
but unfortunately the dynamics look
almost unresolvable.
If somebody does not speak for the movement and with it being unresolvable,
you've got a conflict between rural people and urban
people. You have a conflict between, um,
blacks and those who are self-declared allies and ally doesn't
really mean ally, but uh,
foot soldiers on behalf of this movement and people who won't go along with it.
And what I'm trying to raise people's awareness of right now
is that there's something in us being raised in the U S there's
something in us that thinks that the great leap forward
in China cannot happen here. That would happen in Cambodia, cannot happen here.
That Nazi Germany cannot happen here. Um, and you know,
the Soviet union couldn't happen here.
I don't know what characteristic it is that people think makes it impossible.
I don't think it's impossible.
I think if there is a characteristic that makes it unlikely,
it is the structure. It is the constitution,
which I would argue is showing its age. But nonetheless,
the values that America aspires to the reason that the world does pay attention
to us and still even with all of our brokenness allows us to lead it.
That reason is that the values that were described were honorable even
if, even if we didn't meet them, but what we aspired to be was great.
And, uh, I, you know, I resent Trump's make America great again,
because there are populations for whom it has simply never been great, right?
So I, I think that last a,
in manga is just a finger in the eye for people and it was designed to be,
but the structure,
what it aspires to be as great and heading in the direction in which it could be
great for everybody is obviously the right thing to do.
But what we are now doing,
and the thing that troubles me most about this movement is that if you listen to
it closely and I have listened to it very closely,
it is explicitly about disassembling.
The very things that make the west marvelous, right?
It is anti science.
I feel bad for any listener. We want to make a public apology already.
We this thing up.
We're both having trouble thinking to 2021 year of all we're going to
make.
This is what do they call it? A Mulligan, those dudes who played golf. Oh,
do you get another one? What's a Mulligan mean?
You gotta do over.
Let's just scratch this whole year.
That'd be great. I like to toast to things. People don't agree with.
Like at the last minute they've already committed just like nine 11.
And they got already clinked. How rude I know.
I think there's going to be a lot of good that comes out of this year.
I really do. Oh, this I like talking about positive stuff. Like,
what are you thinking is.
Well,
I think people are realizing that society and civilization hangs on by a
thread in some cases, and you know, in a series of events can happen.
It can derail our life radically.
And I don't think people were really aware that that was possible before.
I think there's a lot of things going on.
There's a lot of competing mindsets and competing ideologies and there's a lot
of anger going on in the world right now.
And then there's this fear that comes with a pandemic.
Everything like pandemics ramp up everything like this is,
I have to think about it. We're thinking about it as just a pandemic,
but it's also a F there's a mind disease, like a fear disease.
That's sweeping through the land too. Right. And I feel like it's like, you're,
you're,
you're resources are being used up in so many different directions that it's
like, you're a little overrun.
It's one of the reasons why people are reacting so violently to things lately
there's everything is just ramped up. And I feel like there's,
there's like a certain level of other things that you can tolerate in
your life when you have so many things compounding and piling on top of each
other.
It's like the reason why they say that people get road rage is because it's not
just, you're in a car and someone does something stupid, but you're sick.
Your senses are heightened because you know, you're going 60 miles an hour.
So you're very aware. It's a very different feeling, right?
I didn't even consider that one thought when I first heard about,
I thought road rage is just people being a like you're being mean while you're
locked in this little box. Cause you know, you can't,
nobody can say anything to you. Yeah. But it's not just that it's fear. Like,
because you're driving fast. And it's like, if everybody up, someone's texting,
you put into your lane, you could die. So because of that, we,
because we have this in our head, it causes us to be like extra ramped up.
And I think that's how we are right now with everything because of COVID even if
you don't have COVID, even if you're not worried about COVID,
what it's done is it's made everybody ramp up.
So everybody's almost got road rage.
So everybody is like a little bit more stressed out than they've ever been
before.
A little bit more ramped up and everything gets exaggerated and everything gets
blown out.
And there's so many more instances of scary things that you're being seen in
the news. And so few instances of really nice things and it's like,
what a weird combination of things to try to manage. Okay.